My music makes children smarter

Music for smarter children

Activating imagination, hidden talent(s), and a wide range of emotions in a medium faster than words, caliberating the processing speed of the mind, to make smarter decisions faster by finding / following the golden path.

By following the imaginative listening guide, the child is able to visualize scenarios outside of linguistic framing, leaving their mind to exercise its experience generating neural network, so they learn through psuedo-experiences how to think more critically and go into details in a more temporally minute (zoomed in), accuracy sensitive manner (focusing in seconds).

This produces the emergent effect of a longer lasting and more effective memory and attention span (which has been badly damaged both by AI and social media). This also produces better reading and calculation as / when the capability develops.

Children gravitate towards music because their minds are looking for something.

This music, by not using words, deliberately does not wish to, pretend to, nor have the capacity to give them what they are looking for, but provides a tool that would go a long way in helping them better recognize, express, and communicate when they find it.

Songs Overview

Everything Beautiful
Shaolin Temple: Kung Fu Fighting
The End of the World
Surfing Neural Waves
Focus: Thinking in Seconds
Relentless: Numbers more real than you
Trickster

Caveats
Always adjust music volume as is appropriate for the situation. A low to medium volume is ideal for open play (to colour the environment using speakers). Low volume is ideal for most conversations, depending on your distance from the child and the nature (subject / topic, word frequency + pitch / tone, and volume / loudness) of communication. For children ages 0-3, if you are comfortable with (and legally allowed to use) headphones on children that age, low volume is mandatory. Even though the child is more than capable of absorbing all possible outcomes of all possible scenarios generated by the neural network, you do not want to overwhelm the mind with that much direct sensory information. The low volume provides a buffer for the mind to imagine safety by distance, and a temporal gap to calculate based on observation, enabling it to generate good advice for itself in a calm mental state and not be overwhelmed by information overload or swept away purely by emotions (especially fear, joy or feelings of rapture). However some emotions are encouraged by the music, including heroism (courage), curiousity, skill mastery (flow), awe, and (most importantly) safety, to strengthen the sense of self so it can (by itself with no external inputs or suggestion from the music) synthesize better understanding of the inputs, signals, and outcomes in the simulation (experience generated as sensory expression) using the music as a story of the world the child already exists in. Lower volume in general is also more ideal for reading (both in children and adults). But adults (and teenagers 13+) are free to play at any volume to process emotions, solve intricate problems, or just create and bask in a desired ambience, as long as legal noise limits are not violated (and your neighbours don't mind). 

"Trickster" has been found to be particularly effective in adults for personal brainstorming sessions, or 1 on 1 conversations about big, abstract concepts or intricate, complex, interconnected processes or systems with far reaching implications, by stimulating neurons to disrupt excessively rigid patterns of thought and generate new (bright) ideas (in the visualization these might appear as shooting stars, a meteor shower, or in it's purest form - fast moving lights of information). In children, it teaches the child to play "Is it a trick of the light?" with the trickster. For teenagers and up they might experience this as feelings of mild confusion (puzzlement) that eventually harmonizes, cascading pleasantly into waves of understanding or sudden action inspiring realization. Simulating a brand new perspective on what was formerly the source of confusion. This process also helps stimulate experiencing or sourcing solutions as / from dreams (where things make a different kind of sense). This also encourages 3rd option thinking by simulating temporal neuroplasticity (i.e. "I may not understand it now, but I could figure it out later, and it would make sense when I do"). The Trick of the trickster is to give you understanding by hiding it from you until later. But by questioning the trickster you ensure you always learn the trick sooner than later, and more importantly, before he tries to disappear. This is not dissimilar from catching information as light, or an idea as a thought - a flash. So in a sense, catching lightning. The illumination of understanding is when formerly invisible connections are exposed by breaking (or breaking down) the assumptive thought patterns and moving through it / them in a more fluid / flexible manner (as we tend to do more easily in dreams as humans). This perspective shows the light in a new / different context, where it appears not as an anomaly or random expression of uncertainty, but as the natural (even deducible) progression of those hidden (now visible) connections, replicating the self-discovery of the eureka moment experience while keeping the focus on querying the light rather than the self. This is very often the golden path. Asking questions of the trickster by a strengthened self may also lead to the discovery of hidden talents, interests, hobbies, and / or sources of inspiration. In adults, this may also have the emergent effect of healing a wounded inner child.

All music include an imaginative listening guide (intended to inspire or suggest possible visualizations) but these are by no means authoritative, instructive, or demanding of any kind of strict adherence. All dreams are open to all interpretations, but not all qualia. Infact, listeners are encouraged to engage with each piece with as little knowledge as possible. Uncoloured, unframed novelty is often more ideal for metacognitive stimulation. Noting and writing down your simulation(s) or visualization(s) after or while listening to any piece for the very first time is highly encouraged. An interesting exercise for the curious would be to see how your experiences differ from, or are similar to those of others [Forum Invitation].

For a sample general exercise regarding first listening - consider the following.

Listen to a piece (do not look up or at the title or name of a piece). Write any words, feelings or imaginations / thoughts that come to mind during or immediately after listening.
Once this is done - you could see how your experience is similar, related to, or different from others in the forum (or even your past self if it's been years since you've listened to the piece or don't remember it)
- Check the name of the piece and see how similar, related, or different it is from what you felt, thought, imagined, or the words your wrote about the experience.
- Once you check the title. You could chose to assess whether to you the title is an accurate representation of the music (i.e. the sensation) and / or your experience of it (You may also vote on the forum).
- You could listen to the piece again, and perform and/or repeat the assessment of the previous step. This is part of how you subject the music and your experience of it, to your own conscious, critical analysis, rather than only being subject to it, as is the case with most music.
- After a second listen. You may proceed to read through the summary / piece introduction and do the same / a similar assessment.
